Concept:
STYLE:
        Turn-based gameplay. 
        Similar to Diablo, but in turns
        Turns have no time limit, but the object is to take as little time during your turn as possible because the other player can get things ready during your turn while they are waiting.
        The longer you take during your turn, the longer the other player has to prepare for their next turn












HEROES:
One player controls a party of adventurers and moves each one individually to explore a dungeon and fight enemies.


VIEW:
        Top-down
CONTROLS:
        Click/Select a hero and either click/select a place on the map to move him/her to. Or, click/select an item to pick up or enemy to attack.
                Different classes of heroes can move further per turn than others.
        Click/Select an item to begin construction. Depending on how strong the item is, it will take longer to finish constructing.
        A treasure chest/armor crate, etc, can be constructed and once finished, can be placed in a room that no hero is currently occupying.
        A ladder/bridge, etc, can be constructed and once finished, can be placed in any room a hero is currently occupying. They are used to avoid/overcome obstacles in a room.
HEROES:
        Health
        Mana
        Weapon/Armor
        Items (keys, lanterns, potions, etc.)
        Class (Knight, Mage, Thief, etc.)
CONSTRUCTIONS:
        Weapons
        Armor
        Potions
        Keys
        Treasure Chests, Armor Crates, etc
        Ladders, Bridges, etc (obstacle avoiders)
DUNGEON MASTER:
        The second player lays out the dungeon and places enemies/obstacles. Once enemies have been placed, they can later be moved/controlled by the second player just like the heroes can be by the first player. Obstacles can be placed in a room currently not occupied by a hero.


        VIEW:
                2D Sprite based layout
                Construction panel on the right side of screen
                Map layout on left side
                Enemy/Obstacles types on bottom
        CONTROLS:        
                Click/Select a room type from the construction panel to begin construction
                        Depending on room size/type, it will take longer to build to be able to place
        Once construction is finish, on player’s turn, the can drag/control the room to the map layout to add to the dungeon
Click/Select a enemy type from the enemy panel to begin construction
Just like rooms, it takes time to construct but longer than a room would
Max of 3 enemies can be placed in a single room in a single turn
Max of 2 obstacles can be placed in a single room in a single turn